i'm outside with the wltoys v6 36 c you
just rained out here but i want to see
how this thing flies not sure what that
blue light is on the back of it
bring it down
the lights look nice
same right
its pitch him really far i mean but i
have it on a tee let me put it on 60
okay Matt sixty percent rates
this thing's supposed to have a headless
mode on it
I've tried it a couple times but
couldn't get it to work
whoa liar telephone wire
yeah not sure how to get it in heading
this more
see on the instructions that said it had
to be facing away from you and to hold
this button for two seconds but I can't
get it to work pretty cool-looking
aircraft now tell you that
hey let's bring it in for landing okay
so that's the wltoys v6 36
you